# EventTracker

Aarya Parekh
Brian Bae
Christopher Pucci
Daniel Gerst

GENERAL INFORMATION:
Event finder is a website that strengthens local communities by allowing people to announce events (such as garage sales, fundraisers, etc.) that they are hosting. Users can find events happening in real-time within their local vicinity and also view future events. Our target demographic is for people looking for interesting events in an impromptu fashion. A map view gives a location-first approach to finding things to do by prioritizing events closest to you. A separate view lets users see events happening in the future, allowing a more planned, traditional approach to creating an itinerary. Our application also gives power to small businesses and organizations in a local community to announce their presence. For example, a local coffee store can announce their attendance to the weekend farmers market, or a UCSC club can display their pop-up fundraiser in front of the Science and Engineering library. 

LOGIN: 
The navbar is on the top of the page and has a Home button for users to go back to the main page from wherever they are and then a My Events button that redirects users to the my_events page to view and edit events they created. It also has our logo on the left and if users are signed in, then it will display their email and a button to sign out. If they are not signed in, then a button to sign in with google will appear which makes signing in easy and fast. The main page is where users can browse events happening in their area. Users don’t have to be signed in for them to view. However, to create events and view them, users must be signed in. There is a map on the left side of the page and a list of events on the right with a search bar. Events can be filtered and there is also a button to clear the filters.  

MAPS:
When we envisioned our website it was very important to us how users would be able to view events. We wanted two of our main focuses to be on events near you and that would be happening live. To achieve this we decided to use a dual interface of a map and a listview. The map takes care of aiding users towards seeing events near them while the list view makes for quick access to information and customization. This is important as one of our main goals was to create a user-friendly interface. The map comes with full google maps functionality such as dedicated zoom buttons, fullscreen, satellite view, and even street view to allow users to see exactly where events are taking place.

MARKERS:
The map loads in markers based on the events that are visible in the list of events on the sidebar. This means the markers will update based on filtering and when a user goes to a new page. We decided to make the markers load in like this in order to reduce the cluttering that can occur with too many events showing in one area. When a user clicks on a map marker a small information window will pop up. This popup window shows the name of the event along with the date, time, and address. A user can close the info window by clicking the x on the upper right hand side of the box or by clicking on the marker again. When interacting with the marker, be it opening or closing it, the corresponding event in the list view will pop open or close making it easy for the user to see more information about the event on the side. 

LIST VIEW: 
On the main page you will see a list view of events on the right hand side. The events themselves are cards with information such as name, the type of event, a date range, a time range, and the address. The card has a dropdown to reveal a description of the event. The events can be searched, and filtered. When there are too many events to show on one page, the page becomes scrollable and adds multiple pages that can be navigated along. This allows users to see a decent amount of events without loading in the entire database of events and flooding the map with events and markers. The search bar allows you to search from all possible events. The filtering is possible by live events meaning events happening today, and by event type such as concert, film, sports and many more. These filters can be active individually or both at once and can be cleared easily with the use of the clear filters button. The filters help users access more directly exactly what kind of events they are looking for. Something else to note about the listview is that you can click on the green address tag of any event to go to that marker on the map.

MANAGING EVENTS: Users get redirected to the My Events page when they press the My Events button on the navbar. If the user is not signed in, then they will be prompted to sign in using Google. They can view all of the events they have created in a list with the name of the event, date, time, event type, description, and location being displayed. To create a new event, users can press the Add New Events button at the top left of the page and then a modal will pop. They can input the Event Name, Event Location, Start Date and Time, End Date and Time, Event Type, and Description. On the right side of the Date and Time rows, there is a calendar icon that will display a calendar and the time for users to add easily. The location is displayed at the bottom using Google Maps where users can enter an address or a location which will be autofilled in. Once the address is properly input the map will go to the location and show a marker with an info window stating the name of the location and the address. Once the marker is showing and all other information for the event is properly input, then an event can be published, live and ready to share with the world. Editing an existing event is easy with the use of an edit event button to the far right side of any already created event. This button brings up a modal just like creating a new event but with the information already filled out, ready to edit.

